## What did you learn about CSS padding, borders, and margin by doing this challenge?

I learned that these three elements can be really helpful with spacing various block elements and with stlying. I was able to adjust the padding on various elements to help with the layout of my page and I played around with the margin property to space elements away from the edge of the page. That may not have been the best practice, but at the moment, it has worked. Borders came in handy when I wanted to insert a physical line break to separate the heading and main content of my page. I was able to apply a top border to the element that would be below the line and then adjusted the padding for the element to place the line break properly.

## What did you learn about CSS positioning?

I learned that CSS positioning can be very confusing and a bit convoluted. There are four different position values, fixed, relative, absolute and statics, each with its own properties and ways in which it allows an element to function. I was most at peace with the relative position, because it made sense that it would allow an element to be positioned relative to where it would be located on the page by default. So, from there, I was able to move various elements around. I also learned that position values are usually in relation to the tag that element is nested within. So, an element with absolute positioning nested inside a fixed positoned element would behave differently that an element with static positioning within that same fixed element. I'm still a bit hazy on these positioning values and I hope to have a better understanding through more reading.

## What aspects of your design did you find easiest to implement? What was most difficult?

I found it really easy to style the various links on my page, removing text decoration, adding color and hover pseudo selectors to add an extra bit of flair. It took me a long time to understand how to center text. I was having trouble using text-align because I thought I could just apply it to the specific tag for the text. So, for example, if I had a h1 that needed to be centered, I thought I could just text-align: center the h1 and all would be good. But, it seems CSS/HTML doesn't work like that because, in that situation, CSS/HTML doesn't know what it is centering the text in relation to. Once I realized that you needed to apply the text-align property to a container element for the text (in conjunction with a position property), then I was able to get my header and footer to center.

## What did you learn about adding and formatting elements with CSS in this challenge?

I learned that CSS can be a real pain, but when it clicks, cool things happen. Right now, using CSS takes a ton of trial and error; I found myself constantly making a small change then checking on it in the browser, and if what I thought would happen didn't occur, I'd adjust something different and repeat the process. This process may have been a bit tedious, but it helped me understand how CSS talks with the HTML, and drove home the importance of how elements should be nested within HTML so you can position/style appropriately with CSS. As I said above, I'm still hazy on the particular positioning values, but I'm slowly getting the hang of how the cascade works in CSS and how to properly nest a series of elements so I can style the way I want to with CSS.