---
layout: post
title: 'Welcome!'
date: 2017-02-06 22:14:00 -0500
---

Hi there. Welcome.

Before we continue, let me introduce myself. I'm John Colella. I like to build things using JavaScript, particularly React, but I've been known to hit the backend and build apps using Rails. I love learning new things and am always scouring the internet for resources to make myself a better developer.

That's where this blog comes in. I realized "Hey! I've learned a lot of stuff, maybe I should write it down?"

That's my plan moving forward. This blog, which I've dubbed "Continuous Learning," is my own attempt at synthesizing what I've learned and putting it to paper (or is it pixels?).

It would be amazing if someone -- maybe you -- finds this blog helpful. Maybe someone stumbles upon my website and starts reading and says to his or her self "Wow, I did not know that, and now I do. Thanks John!" However, if that never happens, that's fine too. This blog is as much of a selfish journey as it is a selfless one.

So, with that, I'll say that this blog will cover a lot of topics. Most of them will probably be JavaScript related. Others, however, may be Ruby related. Others may just be general algorithm or data structure posts. And others may not even have anything to do with coding (I love craft beer, movies and skiing, so watch out). At the end of the day, I would just like to use this space as an opportunity to write down some of my thoughts and further solidify what I've been reading/learning recently.

My plan is to post at least once every two weeks, with an ideal pace of once a week. We'll see how that goes. I'll try to be honest with myself and keep to that promise.

Thanks for reading this short introduction. I hope you find some interesting ideas/articles in the coming weeks. Until then, happy coding!
